add more readme (#393)
open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection: policygenerator/policy-sets/community/openshift-plus/README.md

  ```bash
  oc get nodes -l node-role.kubernetes.io/worker -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/master'
  ```
 **Note:** make sure that the installing OCP cluster is large enough to hold the ACM installation.  Example: 3 master m6a.2xlarge nodes with 1 worker m6a.2xlarge node.
The added nodes for the storage and the rest of OPP are 6 m6a.2xlarge worker nodes all labeled for use by ODF storage and are also available for the other OPP components.

  #### 2. Acquire your availability-zone and region of your cluster
  Display availability-zone 
  ```bash
  oc get machineset -n openshift-machine-api -o jsonpath='{.items[0].spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.placement.availabilityZone}'
  ```

  Display region 

  ```bash
  oc get machineset -n openshift-machine-api -o jsonpath='{.items[0].spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.placement.region}'  
  ```
  #### 3. Create new MachineSets

  Save your Cluster ID

  ```bash
  CLUSTERID=$(oc get machineset -n openshift-machine-api -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.labels.machine\.openshift\.io/cluster-api-cluster}')
echo $CLUSTERID
  ```

Save this file as ***add-node.yaml*** and apply your region and availability-zone 

```
---

> apiVersion: machine.openshift.io/v1beta1

Reviewer: We do have a sample policy that creates the correct MachineSets for ODF already.  I use my own policy instead because the GRC automation uses only 1 availability zone instead of three which would be the recommendation and what the policy contains.  Here's the policy:
https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/blob/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-aws-machine-sets.yaml

In that policy there are 3 machinesets for the 3 zones -- that are templated and end in `a`, `b`, or `c`.  Our automation creates one zone `f`, so I'm not sure how to best show or describe this sample here -- but if you want to include a sample MachineSet directly, some sample templates like at the link above would be helpful.

You will also have to mention the `ami` id that will need to be updated.  See the content at the top of the policy linked above.  AMI IDs are region specific and OpenShift release specific. They are published in the OpenShift docs and there's a link provided in that sample policy.  I have thought about creating a configmap with AMI ID details -- maybe we could create a script that creates the configmap from the OCP docs and then the policy references the configmap using the proper region...

Author: good idea showing several sample could be more understandable for user

Author: AMI IDs are region specific  I will add comment good good point

    spec:
        clusterSet: default
    ```
    ```bash
    oc apply -f managed-cluster.yaml 
    ```

>   7. Install Kustomize plugin
>      Install plugin for kustomize command. ***[here](https://github.com/stolostron/policy-generator-plugin#installation)***
>      ***NOTE*** recommend Kustomize version above v4.5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  7. Install the Policy generator Kustomize plugin by following the [installation instructions](https://github.com/stolostron/policy-generator-plugin#installation). It is recommended to use Kustomize v4.5+.
```

Apply the policies using the kustomize command or subscribing to a fork of the repository and pointing to this directory.  See 
the details for using the Policy Generator for [more information](https://github.com/stolostron/policy-collection/tree/main/policygenerator).  The command to run is `kustomize build --enable-alpha-plugins  | oc apply -f -`

**Note**: For any components of OpenShift Plus that you do not wish to install, edit the `policyGenerator.yaml` file and remove or comment out the policies for those components.

## Troubleshooting

> ### Add new worker nodes 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Add New Worker Nodes 
```

>   #### 1. Check your worker node is not enough to install odf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  #### 1. Check your worker node to verify it has enough resources available to install ODF
```

  ```bash
  oc get nodes -l node-role.kubernetes.io/worker -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/master'
  ```

>  **Note:** make sure that the installing OCP cluster is large enough to hold the ACM installation.  Example: 3 master m6a.2xlarge nodes with 1 worker m6a.2xlarge node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 **Note:** make sure that the OpenShift cluster is large enough to hold the ACM installation.  An example of a working deployment topology is to use 3 master `m6a.2xlarge` nodes with 1 worker `m6a.2xlarge` node.
```

> The added nodes for the storage and the rest of OPP are 6 m6a.2xlarge worker nodes all labeled for use by ODF storage and are also available for the other OPP components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The added nodes for storage and the rest of OpenShift Platform Plus (OPP) are 6 `m6a.2xlarge` worker nodes all labeled for use by ODF storage and are also available for the other OPP components.
```

  #### 2. Acquire your availability-zone and region of your cluster

>   Display availability-zone 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To display the availability-zone:
```

  ```bash
  oc get machineset -n openshift-machine-api -o jsonpath='{.items[0].spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.placement.availabilityZone}'
  ```

>   Display region 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To display the region 
```

  ```bash
  oc get machineset -n openshift-machine-api -o jsonpath='{.items[0].spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.placement.region}'  
  ```
  #### 3. Create new MachineSets

  Save your Cluster ID

  ```bash

>   CLUSTERID=$(oc get machineset -n openshift-machine-api -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.labels.machine\.openshift\.io/cluster-api-cluster}')

Reviewer 2: Do you have to use the export command here?

Author: it is just for temporary so....

echo $CLUSTERID
  ```

> Save this file as ***add-node.yaml*** and apply your region and availability-zone 

Reviewer 2: Optional: A perhaps better option is to instruct the user to run the following one line command (untested):

```bash
cat <<EOF | sed -e "s/CLUSTERID/${CLUSTERID}/g" | oc apply -f -
apiVersion: machine.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: MachineSet
metadata:
  labels:
    machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-cluster: CLUSTERID
    machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-machine-role: workerocs
    machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-machine-type: workerocs
  name: CLUSTERID-workerocs-us-east-1f  # 🔴change to your AZ
  namespace: openshift-machine-api
spec:
  replicas: 6
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-cluster: CLUSTERID
      machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-machineset: CLUSTERID-workerocs-us-east-1f # 🔴change to your AZ
  template:
    metadata:
      creationTimestamp: null
      labels:
        machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-cluster: CLUSTERID
        machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-machine-role: workerocs
        machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-machine-type: workerocs
        machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-machineset: CLUSTERID-workerocs-us-east-1f # 🔴change to your AZ
    spec:
      metadata:
        creationTimestamp: null
        labels:
          cluster.ocs.openshift.io/openshift-storage: ""
          node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ""
      providerSpec:
        value:
          ami:
            id: ami-0fe05b1aa8dacfa90
          apiVersion: awsproviderconfig.openshift.io/v1beta1
          blockDevices:
          - ebs:
              iops: 0
              volumeSize: 100
              volumeType: gp3 # 🔴change to your volumeType 
          credentialsSecret:
            name: aws-cloud-credentials
          deviceIndex: 0
          iamInstanceProfile:
            id: CLUSTERID-worker-profile
          instanceType: m6a.2xlarge # 🔴change to your instanceType 
          kind: AWSMachineProviderConfig
          metadata:
            creationTimestamp: null
          placement:
            availabilityZone: us-east-1f  # 🔴change to your AZ
            region: us-east-1   # 🔴change to your reion
          publicIp: null
          securityGroups:
          - filters:
            - name: tag:Name
              values:
              - CLUSTERID-worker-sg
          subnet:
            filters:
            - name: tag:Name
              values:
              - CLUSTERID-private-us-east-1f # 🔴change to your AZ
          tags:
          - name: kubernetes.io/cluster/CLUSTERID
            value: owned
          userDataSecret:
            name: worker-user-data
      versions:
        kubelet: ""
EOF
```

Author: good good

          apiVersion: awsproviderconfig.openshift.io/v1beta1
          blockDevices:
          - ebs:
              iops: 0
              volumeSize: 100
              volumeType: gp3 # 🔴change to your volumeType 
          credentialsSecret:
            name: aws-cloud-credentials
          deviceIndex: 0
          iamInstanceProfile:
            id: CLUSTERID-worker-profile
          instanceType: m6a.2xlarge # 🔴change to your instanceType 
          kind: AWSMachineProviderConfig
          metadata:
            creationTimestamp: null
          placement:
            availabilityZone: us-east-1f  # 🔴change to your AZ
            region: us-east-1   # 🔴change to your reion
          publicIp: null
          securityGroups:
          - filters:
            - name: tag:Name
              values:
              - CLUSTERID-worker-sg
          subnet:
            filters:
            - name: tag:Name
              values:
              - CLUSTERID-private-us-east-1f # 🔴change to your AZ
          tags:
          - name: kubernetes.io/cluster/CLUSTERID
            value: owned
          userDataSecret:
            name: worker-user-data
      versions:
        kubelet: ""
---
```

> Create new MachineSets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create the new MachineSets:
```

```bash
cat add-node.yaml | sed -e "s/CLUSTERID/${CLUSTERID}/g" | oc apply -f -
```
Wait a few minutes for all nodes to be up. 
Check with this command 

```bash
oc get nodes -l node-role.kubernetes.io/worker -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/master'
```

***NOTE:*** For your volumeType or other values, you can get from machineset yaml.

### policy-odf-status NonCompliant 

> Installing odf takes over ***15 mins*** from the policies deployed. Wait 40 mins. If the status still remains NonCompliant, check to see if your worker nodes meet the requirements. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installing ODF takes over ***15 mins*** after the policies deployed. If the policy status still remains NonCompliant after 40 minutes, check to see if your worker nodes meet the requirements. 
```
